Zombie :Red 
Rae: Green 


Key: 


(thoughts)


“speaking”


Scene 1: Diplomat (MC) getting notified of the job. Diplomat is preparing papers for work and is running late when the phone rings  


Fannie? - (I set my clock ahead and I’m still running late. This stack of papers is getting so high, I might throw away my ladder. Just a few more files and then) Phone Rings! Crash, Thud. “Ugh… Hello, Fannie speaking.” 


Boss - “Hey Fannie, you know the first thing I don’t wanna hear is a grunt.” Ever since you got here, I have been wondering how far the apple fell from the tree. Your dad was a fine gentleman but wooh, that last report you sent made me wonder if I got the wrong name. You still got the files for the Hollow Valley Job? 


Fannie - “I certainly do, one is on my head and the others all over my floor.” 


Boss - “Well, you better have them,  and a travel bag because the ride is coming in 2 hours” 


Fannie - “ 2 hours!? I thought it was coming Wednesday…”


Boss - “We moved it ahead because this Hydro Dam project is really important and our client was expecting quicker negotiations”


Fannie - “Could I at least stop for some boba? Surely I have an expense account?”


Boss - “What’s that” (chuckles) I’ll get to you on it later


Fannie - “Well. I am definitely gonna send you a list of all the expenses for this one. I haven’t even heard of this place before.”


Boss - “Oh, you better read up… This place is isolated from the mainland. They can do whatever they want down there. What would I tell your parents if you go down there and the tribe throws you on a stick and roasts ya.”


Fannie - “Then they might finally leave me alone and stop trying to hook me up with that guy that works at my mom’s place”


Boss - “Hey, I owe a bunch to your folks, so go easy on them. I made sure to hold the door open here for ya at this job, but dang that door is giving and I might have to let it go. Especially if you miss that dang ride.”


Scene 2: 


Fannie Enters the town after traveling there and enters an odd classic looking hotel. Fannie notices the people in the waiting area are looking at her oddly and that there is this strange seal hanging on the middle of the wall (the Seal of Sea Seals). Fannie walks up to Hotel Keeper and asks for a room. 
(Why is everyone looking at me like I am a sacred cow? Also what is up with that weird seal on the back wall)  “Well, um hi… looks like I am gonna need a room here, so what do you have?”


Innkeeper - “Well, we got that one room that just got cleaned. Tourist season looks like it’s picking up. So where are ya from?”


Fannie - “I came from Town, I just had a long ride here. Not many options so I will just go with number one. How much is that going to be?”


Innkeeper - “Oh don't worry about that, you little thing. You look so tired and cold, so just worry about paying and just give me what you can when you leave, okay?”


Fannie - (That seems really odd, how could an Inn survive like that? Anyway, since they don't seem to have a card machine that is probably the best deal, because I don't know how long the budget they gave me will last over here)
“I slept all the way on the trip here. What do you mean tired looking? Uh, well… looks like option one is the best one, so sign me up for a nice warm bed without the bed bugs please. On the topic of bugs, is there anyone who can fix this bug in my phone? Ever since I got here, it doesn't seem to work” 


Innkeeper - “Oh these wireless things don't work here. They haven't for a long time. So you best make sure to enjoy doing things the old fashioned way.”


Fannie - “How can that be, what is stopping them from working up here?”


Innkeeper - “Just seems like us people out here don’t get that coverage yet. Maybe one day, you people from out of town will share it with us. Well, okay, right up these steps here. Make sure to walk carefully or you could end up rear end over head if you know what I mean”


Fannie - “sigh… it's good to know someone believes in me.”


They walked up the stairs 


In Hotel Room


Innkeeper guides Fannie into the room and hands Fannie the key, Fannie notices something off about the news clippings on the wall. 


Fannie - “Whoa, this room is like a museum with all the newspapers on the wall. Hey! That's about the flood that happened here almost 10 years ago. Hmm… Here it shows the flood going all through mainstreet and past the border of town. My document only shows the flood being in the farmlands. Hey, did the flood really cover the whole town?”


Innkeeper - “It sure did missy, it wrapped itself around this whole town like a boa constrictor”


Fannie - “Then how come the news in town shows it just in the farms?”


Innkeeper - “Well, because you people back in that fancy town didn't get to see it from all the way up in your penthouses. It’s okay because you would have been anxious about it.” 


Fannie - “Maybe you just wanted a big old pool because you thought we had one of those big things in each of our penthouses, so you brought too much water.” Winks*


Innkeeper - “Ooh you people from town have some really good catch phrases on ya. Anyway, here is your key and have a nice night” Innkeeper leaves 


Turns to dark


Fannie unpacks and tries to rest but has trouble due to the atmosphere. Fannie lays awake and knows something is off here. Fannie hears odd noises and notices the light of the door peephole flash on and off but decides not to worry because she thinks it is just another neighbor walking by and moving in. 


(What is with this place? The pipes are so loud and it's just so out there. It looked like someone tried to look at me through the door. Maybe just someone passing by and moving into the next room. Now it seems like fatigue is kicking… zzzzzz)
(I made it to the morning, it was nice to get some rest, but something seems off. Was the desk chair like that before or maybe it's just this place that makes me paranoid? Either way, I gotta get to the town hall and get this over with as fast so I can get out of here.)


Scene 3 - Skipped


Scene 4 - Choice 


Fannie exits the hotel and ponders the next step. 


(How do I even begin in such a place? The people are still staring and the fog is getting so thick that it is suffocating. It's hard to find my way around so maybe I need to find someone who can give me more info and knows the town well)


(Would the town hall have knowledge of the lands and any info on who controls the property for the project? It stares out at me from the end of the road like a beast waiting for its prey.)


(On second thought, the museum might help me demystify this culture and would likely have maps or show me the reason for why this town is so strange)


If Town Hall 


Then Tunnel Scene 


Tunnel Scene: 


(The town hall is blocked and gated all around except for this low tunnel in the back. I don’t know how long it goes on for but there is a repeating echo that lurks here. Seems empty except for this small doll) 


(I feel like I have walked for so long without moving. It's like the tunnel is just repeating over and over in this direction).  


[Sound of footsteps plays]


[Right when the footsteps end, the doll appears in its true form] 


Fannie “Aaaaah!” (Deep breathing)


[Fast running sound plays]


(I had to run, as I made it back out a chill ran down my spine)


(I just kept running, I didn’t even know where I was going. Panic set in and the whole world was a blur)


End Town Hall Path


If Museum Path


Then Museum Interior Scene 


Museum stairs, Fannie steps in and is greeted by museum guide


Museum Guide “Why hello, what brings you here?”


Fannie (This person looks like they haven't seen the sun in a long time. Were they at the door as I stepped in?)
 “Is this place even opened yet, it seems like no one is here.”


Museum Guide “We don’t have guest often, but when we do, they are important and receive only the best”


Fannie “Just a friendly tip, you might want to fix that leak, I think I have found the town pond in your lobby”


Museum Guide “Let’s be on our way, if you would like the tour, I ensure you, that you wont need a boat for this one”


Fannie “Well, I got things to do, so just make sure to point out the good parts”


Museum Guide “At this corner, you can see our settler set down the first bridge into town over the Ionawan River”


Fannie “Didn’t the settlers ride the Hollow canal and set up a river post first?”


Museum Guide “Oh I assure you that this is indeed an authentic painting of the event. That very bridge connected us to the trade path which is how we got here and how this very museum received its building supplies''


Fannie: (Hmm, it looks like that bridge is not finished, maybe it was attempted and the village changed to the canal instead?)


(It's awfully silent, Wait? Where did the tour guide go?) 


[Sound effect of blocks sliding]


(What was that? Looks like everything is still here…. But doesn't that statue look off?)


View changes and block noise happened again. 


Scene changes and statue is now much closer to Fannie 


Fannie (Is someone moving this… I know it's moving but who would do that? Is the guide still here. I should get out of here)


[Louder moving noise]


Mutant Seal statue appears 


Fannie “Aaah!” what is that I have to get out. Where is that stupid museum guide? Who cares, I have to get out!


Outside Museum


(I just kept running, I didn’t even know where I was going. Panic set in and the whole world was a blur)
 
Scene 5:


Town Center where Bea is located


Fannie “Breathing heavy” (Thoughts blurring and the streets begin to become maze like, I don't know where I am and I certainly don't trust the people here, I can only try to run until I find my hotel or better yet, a way out)


(Where am I, how do I stop, do I know if they are behind me)


???? “Hey, watch where you are going you worthless runt”


Fannie “Ouch”


???? “Is this how you greet people where you are from, running into them and knocking over their groceries. Where I am from that is a direct ticket to the hospital”


Fannie ( I think the streets are starting to make sense again but who is this?) “I’m sorry, I didn’t know where I was but whatever I did…. But those things are after me, I don't know why but something is wrong ....”


[Slap]


Fannie “Ouch, Aaah, is that how you leave a first impression where you come from”


???? “It is for punks like you who owe me a few pieces of produce and that nice little candy bar you landed on”


Fannie “With all this crazy stuff going on, is that candy bar all you are worried about?”


???? “ Oh well, if I am gonna spend time in this old dead town, you bet that I am gonna need to find something to enjoy and that is all they have here.” 


Fannie “why would anyone want to be here; I am being paid to be here and don't think it is worth it”


???? “Well, I grew up here, it was almost as dead then, but definitely seems more foreboding now. I took care of my parents who grew up here and now that they have passed, I got this little dump here and my brothers and sisters got the family boat to travel the world. It seems more like punishment then getting something that is part of the family legacy”


Fannie “Wow, if I was given something here, I would just let the town take it”


????  “I still want to make the most of it for my mama and papa. Once it looks nice, I might be able to get a buck for it, so I just have to make the most of it.” 


Fannie “So you grew up here and you don’t look like a walking ghost… how is that”


???? “Well, I definitely left early that must have helped and I also eat this nutritious breakfast and I exercise….”


Fannie “blah blah, I am not asking about that” This town seems to turn everyone into a zombie or something. Is it that the crazy religion they have here, like being zombie or something”


???? “Oh that, well the seal of the sea seals. It was not really common long ago and just a few people knew about it. Definitely a new thing. I would ask around about it myself but don't know anyone here as I left so young”


Fannie “What is up with that town hall being closed off, like how is the town even functioning with the town hall closed”


???? “Oh, that thing didn’t really have any normal hours, but it used to be opened each evening. Since it moved and now that it has a strange statue around it. Something seems to keep it closed from everyone. But with no news or phones here, I am still waiting for it to open again”


Fannie “So with the town hall closed and the Museum as no go, how can I find out anything about the land here”


???? “So why would you need to know that you clearly don't belong here, maybe even more than I do”


Fannie “I told you I was paid to be here; I am on business and need to work with the town on getting a dam built that will need to cross into this territory.”


???? “Oh, so you are here to take our land and build some big project on it for a few bucks”


Fannie “Not me, my boss who I don't even like. So do you know about Luna Bay” 


???? “Someone out by the fishing stalls may know about it, maybe head down the street and look for a stand”


Fannie “Is it safe to go anywhere here, I just went to look for someone and bumped into the craziest thing, a _________ just tried to take me. How are you even staying here?


???? There is always some weird stuff like that here. That's what happens when you have a tribe that just sits in one spot without reaching outside. Probably just someone wanting to show you something


Fannie (It seemed so real when it happened, I just want to leave, but that surely means doom for my job and I know how my parents will act if I get one complaint at work, so I gotta get something before leaving)


???? leaves 


Scene 6: Fannie is looking around and hears something 


 Knock knock noise plays 


Fannie (I just heard some loud knocking. It seems like there are robed people trying to get into a house at the corner. I am going to just take a peak)


Heard in the distance 


Robed people “Open now” Knocking continues “take it down” loud crash sound from door breaking. 


Person inside “Ahhh” I have it, I have it. 


Robbed people “the Seal, where is it! You have taken it down, haven't you?”


Person inside “I just, it fell, I don't know”


(Loud walking and cracking sounds are heard. It looks like the robed people are leaving and they have placed a seal on the door of the building. I am going to check on them, I know I maybe shouldn’t, but I think they really need help.)


(I took a few steps to get closer)


Fannie “Are you still there, are you okay?”


Person inside (sobbing) “I couldn't hear them before and now I can”


Fannie (Why did those people fight so hard just to put the seal up? Could it be something about making them “hear it”)


Scene 6B


Fannie (I made it back to the hotel without getting too much attention, looks like I dodged a bullet on those robed cult freaks). (Knocking on door) “Hey, can I just please ask you something?”


Innkeeper “Oh dear no such bother. So, what is the matter?”


Fannie “What is that symbol on the walls here, the one called the seal?”


Innkeeper “You mean this one, I have it with me here and home and always. Do you need one by chance”


Fannie “No, just asking. I see it everywhere and just wondered why it's so common”


Innkeeper “Isn't it lovely, don't you think? It's everywhere just like the blue sky and flowers, who wouldn't want that”


Fannie “Yeah it's great, thanks for everything I got to go, it’s starting to get late and I still have plenty ahead of me”


Innkeeper “Do you need one, I got plenty, the more the merrier, let me go check that room”


Fannie “I really need to get stuff done and the one in my room is plenty, thanks so much but I really need to go and maybe you're busy too. So look at that, the door is right here. I umm, got to go”


Innkeeper “If it suits you good, then good night”


Night falls


Scene 7: 


Morning is coming in the hotel room 


Fannie (What a night to be in this town, I still know I saw something that was looking for me yesterday. Maybe I am just too stressed, but it felt so real. Now I need to get up fast, so I can get as much done during the day as I possible)


Fannie “ooh Aaah” (Someone is holding me down with a pillow) “Get off, please what are you doing here? Someone broke in and is trying to assassinate me!”  (Who could this be, why would anyone want to take me out? They are fighting so hard; I can feel the pillow being forced down on me like a shovel into the ground. I can't go out like this, not for this crummy job)
Thud noise
Fannie (ouch, that floor hits hard, wait! Who? It’s you from yesterday)


???? “Finally, you got up off that bed you lazy bum and you can call me Beatrice or Bea, you lug head”


Fannie “You are the one insulting me, you broke in like a thug and tried to assassinate me just so you could wake me and call me a lug head. I must have left an impression on you”


Beatrice “Could have been more than an impression you amateur detective”


Fannie “I am just trying to do my job, sometimes I got to do some snooping”


Beatrice “Could it be you breaking into my house last night. Oooh, you are asking for much more trouble if that is the case. You are taking the term dimwit to whole nother level”


Fannie “After what I told you about, I saw yesterday, why would I be breaking into anywhere else? Also, you didn't even tell me where you lived”


Beatrice “I should have figured you would be too dim to find it anyway”


Fannie “You owe me an apology or some breakfast or something for nearly taking me out just to insult me. Hey! How did you even know I was here? Your stalker”


Beatrice “You’re at the only hotel in town and your light was the only one on, which was no surprise considering how did you are, I knew you would need some extra light”


Fannie “I need to contact my boss, so unless you are gonna give me a phone that works here, then I am gonna have to get that innkeeper to kick your behind out of here”


Beatrice “Uuugh, don't you know, there is no signal out here it's like a hometown prison. You got to write letters and let the one truck coming to town and take it out to send it”


Fannie “then can you at least give me a letter for breaking and entering into my room? I am sure that could help”


Beatrice “I just got here too. You are gonna have to go out and buy them and since you knocked over my groceries yesterday, you owe me at least a letter”


Fannie “Wasn't trying to assassinate me and blame it on a pillow enough for that?”


Beatrice “You are a bigger wimp then I thought, jeez, just a family wakeup call like when I was a kid here. Looks like even kid stuff is too tough for ya”


Fannie “Just take me out so I can get the letters, if it gets you out of my room that is good enough”


Scene 8 


Local Street 


Beatrice “Not many shops here, so we’ll just have to settle for that smelly one over there”


Fannie “who buys letters at a shop that smells like a swamp”


Beatrice “It's all we got here. We don't have fancy stuff like you do in your little pampered doll house back home”


Fannie “do they even accept cash here”


Beatrice “ha ha ha, we make sure to make tourism a part of the town budget here, don't expect a sweetheart price”


Fannie “can you just buy them?”


Beatrice “First, you owe me, second, I got to stay here for months and make that budget last. If you buy me one, maybe I will remove a kick in the behind from the large number I owe you”


Fannie (I didn't want to do it, but I walked into the smelly swamp shop and looking the rugged owner in the eye)
“Hi sir, do you have stamps here”


Sir “one of those outside folks, yeah let me just take em out and here ya go”


Fannie (He just dropped some dingy wet envelopes on the table, does he really expect me to buy these)


Beatrice “That can't be the best you got, how can that even make it through the mail to someone”


Fannie “How much are these anyway?”


Sir “That's it for now, just 110 for it”


Beatrice “That is bogus, I lived here before and they didn't shortchange like that, what do you even need all that cash for anyway, it's not like you clean this place or buy envelopes to sell. For all I know you are just trying to get her out of here faster”


Sir “that’s what I got here, you can leave now. If you aint buying”


Beatrice “We aint paying that, let me just see what you really got behind that counter”


Sir “Now you aint coming behind this counter, now get out and don't come back or I call authorities and you aint gonna be coming near this street again”


Fannie (wow what is with this place, even Beatrice is not having it here. Looks like I have no choice, she has been kicked out and I really don’t need any more attention here)
“I am so sorry” (He took my cash like a person trying to catch a bird in their hands and pointed me out, so I left”


Beatrice “That bozo, just trying to give you a hard time and that is only my job. So, just give me that envelope and let’s get to the post office”


Fannie “wait, I haven’t written my letter yet and neither have you”


Beatrice “Let’s just use the rocks and carve out a message. You outsider, we aren't that backwards here, we have pens at the post office and why should we have to go back to that mess of a hotel room that you have if we can just go to the post office and send them”


Scene 8


Fannie (what a massive post office for a small town. There are these massive pools of water in the entryway. What an odd post office, it smells but look so large and important like a major government building)


Beatrice “Looks like they only got one pen on this wet desk here”


Fannie “Do we have to write on that desk, it will just make the letters worse”


Beatrice “It's all they got, and do you really want to look around here any longer than you need to?”


Fannie (We tried to write them while dodging the dripping ceiling but definitely got them wet in the process. There is a postmaster at the desk, so let's just get this over with, I don't even like my boss anyway so hopefully it makes his other papers all wet and soggy too. The postmaster is staring at us like we are some sort of prey in the wild. She seemed off and didn't even wave or acknowledge us at first. I am just gonna hand her the letters and ask the price)


Beatrice “Hey hello there, is anyone there!? Could you just function unlike anyone else in this place, gosh, the post office was so much better before”


Fannie “I think we should just send the letters, how much for these two?”


Postmaster “These… two… will … need … two stamps …. Twenty each”


Beatrice “Typical… Another rip-off here, as much as I like to get the most out of Fannie here, I would like it if she had some cash left to pay for my lunch”


Fannie “We can get out fast, I can charge it back as expense lets go and I mean go”


Beatrice “Don’t you still have to ask about the project?” 


Fannie “Oh right about that… umm ah, I think we still have to check a town map and maybe go to a place with pictures of the town that is also not the museum”


Bea “You got me swamped and took me to this place to stand in front of this zombie and you wanna go look for a map?”


Fannie “Well that could show it right” (hesitant and clearly trying to avoid the conversation)


Bea “No, that is not it! Going in circles and looking at maps, it sounds like you are growing some feathers and laying some eggs.”


Fannie “what the…. If you know what to write, then why don't you ask this nice lady at the desk”


Bea “Go on then to the barn with the other chickens and hide before big bad wolf Beatrice gets there because I can show you how it's done, and I will take some bacon and eggs with that and enjoy a town stroll while I am at it”


Fannie “If you saw any of the stuff, I had to deal with maybe you would try to get around here without being a walking megaphone”


Bea “Whatever’s… this post lady still wants her cash, so you handle that with the dingy old rag you keep that stuff in and I’m gonna get to the bottom of this”


Fannie (I guess I will just pay, why is Bea getting so into this? What does she have to gain from  my job or maybe she just wants company)


Bea “Hey Ms. Statue over there, yeah what's with all the staring from behind the desk. I know I can be quite the sight but… I am gonna need you to answer some questions”


Fannie “Did you always talk to people like this? Like you are some sort of queen. Looks like your whole friend circle showed up to town with ya”


Bea “Ooh looks who's speaking up! Little miss sunshine scared of a shadow. If you didn't run away from everything, maybe we wouldn't need to ask for it at all! 


Fannie “Bea, I don’t know if it's her job to answer that. I am tired but something about this place, like the echo and all you know, maybe we should let sleeping dogs lie if you know what I mean, even wolves pick their fights.”


Fannie (why can't Bea just take a hint; can't she tell there is something up with this place)


[Splash]


Fannie “Uuh you got me all wet what was that for” (before I could even get the words out, she turned to the postmaster and wound up for another kick)


[Splash]


Bea  “So miss statue lady, by the looks of it, you have been here quite a white and I would like to know if you have been to the Ionwian river recently if your joints aren't made of concrete that is”


Postmaster [Seal Sound]
 
Postmaster “Be gone the well on the sea” [whispering and breathing deeply]


Fannie (nope nope nope, let's get out of here, I just gonna grab Bea and tug on her till we get out, how can someone be this stubborn here)  “Bea we need to get to the door there, the scream is echoing, and I know somebody is listening”


Bea “Aaah, don’t grab so tight, it's that way”


Fannie (We’re back in the foyer but the gate is closed, please tell me there is another way, I just got to look around)


Bea “um, Fannie, did you happen see that before”


Fannie “I only want to know if it's gonna be the way out”


Bea “Na Fannie, it's coming”


[Strange sea noise] 


                             END OF  PROLOGUE